input: readin_mos 
input: readin_geminal_1 
input: readin_geminal_2
input: readin_geminal_3 
delete: h.Dx_integrals
delete: h.Dy_integrals
delete: h.Dz_integrals
delete: h.dipole_x_matrix
delete: h.dipole_y_matrix
delete: bh.dipole_z_matrix
delete: bh.ground_state_1
delete: bh.ground_state_2
delete: bh.ground_state_3
delete: bh.gs_energies
delete: bh.h_integrals
delete: bh.max_bas_1
delete: bh.max_bas_2
delete: bh.max_bas_3
delete: bh.old_tolerance
delete: bh.wfs_1
delete: bh.wfs_2
delete: bh.wfs_3
delete: bh.Dx_integrals
delete: bh.Dy_integrals
delete: bh.Dz_integrals
